Support for `Option` and `Result` in `--arguments` (#4252)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

#### Fixed

- `sncast verify` now uses the configured network or infers it from the RPC chain ID when `--network` is omitted.

> - Support serializing corelib `Option` and `Result` values passed via `--arguments`

Reviewer: What about interpreting is as a new functionality rather than a bug fix and move it under `Added`?

Author: Yeah, in some way it was expected to work like this, so I'll move it

### Cast

### Added 

> - Support serializing corelib `Option` and `Result` values passed via `--arguments`

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
- Support for serialization of corelib `Option` and `Result`, values passed via `--arguments`
```

- `sncast get class-hash-at` command to get the class hash of a contract at a given address.
- `--with-proof-facts` flag for `sncast get tx` to include proof facts in tx response. Read more [here](https://community.starknet.io/t/snip-36-in-protocol-proof-verification/116123l).
- `--proof-file` and `--proof-facts-file` flags for `sncast invoke` to attach proof data from files.

> - Support serializing corelib `Option` and `Result` values passed via `--arguments`

Reviewer: Move it to `Unreleased` section
